Add note about how to set GCP/Azure cloud configs (#14280)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/gcsql.md

      instance_id: '<INSTANCE_ID>'
```

See the [SQL Server integration spec][3] for additional information on setting `project_id` and `instance_id` fields.

To use [Windows Authentication][4] set `connection_string: "Trusted_Connection=yes"` and omit the `username` and `password` fields.

> The `service` and `env` tags allow you to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. To learn how these tags are used throughout Datadog, read the documentation on [unified service tagging][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `service` and `env` tags to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. See [Unified Service Tagging][5] on how these tags are used throughout Datadog.
```

      instance_id: '<INSTANCE_ID>'
```

See the [SQL Server integration spec][4] for additional information on setting `project_id` and `instance_id` fields.

> The `service` and `env` tags allow you to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. To learn how these tags are used throughout Datadog, read the documentation on [unified service tagging][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `service` and `env` tags to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. See [Unified Service Tagging][5] on how these tags are used throughout Datadog.
```

> Once all Agent configuration is complete, [Restart the Datadog Agent][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all Agent configuration is complete, [restart the Datadog Agent][6].
```
